ConvertFlow documentation (#835)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/convertflow.mdx

---
title: "ConvertFlow"
description: Step-by-step guide on sending your event data from RudderStack to ConvertFlow.
aliases: ["ConvertFlow destination"]
---

> [ConvertFlow](https://www.convertflow.com/) is an e-commerce platform that enables you to create and deliver personalized, end-to-end user experiences, marketing campaigns, and product recommendations.

Author: ```suggestion
[ConvertFlow](https://www.convertflow.com/) is an all-in-one platform that enables you to drive your conversions. It lets you create and deliver personalized user experiences via forms, quizzes, surveys, landing pages, and more. 
```

<div class="infoBlock">
For more information on this setting, refer to the <Link to="/sources/sdks/event-filtering/">Client-side Events Filtering</Link> guide.
</div>

- **Use device mode to send events**: As this is a <Link to="https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/destinations/rudderstack-connection-modes/#device-mode">web device mode</Link>-only destination, this setting is enabled by default and cannot be disabled.
- **OneTrust Cookie Categories**: This setting lets you map <Link to="/sources/sdks/rudderstack-javascript-sdk/consent-managers/onetrust/">OneTrust</Link> cookie consent groups to RudderStack's consent purposes.

## Identify

You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/identify/">`identify`</Link> call to identify your user in ConvertFlow using their <a href="https://help.convertflow.com/article/112-convertflow-javascript-api-examples#convertflow-identify">`identify`</a> function.

A sample `identify` call is shown below:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.identify(
  "1hKOmRA4GRlm", {
    email: "alex@example.com",
    name: "Alex Keener",
    override: true
  }
);
```

> In the above snippet, set `override: true` if you want RudderStack to identify the users who have already been identified as a ConvertFlow contact. If you set `override: false`, RudderStack identifies the users who have **not** been previously identified as a contact.

Reviewer: @ujjwal-ab according to code we are always setting override to true. Can you resolve the confusion here?

Author: if that's the case, we should remove `override:true` from the snippet and the doc to avoid confusion.

Reviewer 2: Ya, we are setting it true by default and identifying the user in each case similar to the segments behaviour. I think we can remove override from the doc and sample call as well as user doesn't need to take care about this.

Author: I've removed the instances from the snippet and the doc.

Reviewer 2: LGTM

</div>

### Supported events

RudderStack automatically records and sends the following <a href="https://help.convertflow.com/article/112-convertflow-javascript-api-examples">ConvertFlow CTA interactions</a>:

| Interaction event | `track` event name | Description |
| :---| :---|  :--- |
| `cfReady`| `CTA Ready` | Fired when the ConvertFlow script is fully initialized and their JavaScript API is ready for use. |
| `cfView`|  `CTA Viewed` | Fired when the user views a CTA and upon each additional step.
| `cfConversion`|  `CTA Converted` | Fired when the user engages with a CTA, for example, clicking a button, submitting a form, selecting a survey, etc.
| `cfCompletion`|  `CTA Completed` | Fired when the 'Track completion of CTA' automation marks a CTA as complete.
| `cfSubmit`|  `CTA Form Submitted` | Fired when the CTA form and the associated survey elements have been submitted.
| `cfAddToCart`| `Product Addded to Cart` | Fired when the user adds a product to their cart using the ConvertFlow products elements.

> | `cfClosed`| `CTA Closed` | Fired when the user closes a CTA.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `cfClose`| `CTA Closed` | Fired when the user closes a CTA.
```

A sample CTA conversion event is shown below:

```javascript
window.addEventListener("cfConversion", function(event) {
  rudderanalytics.track("CTA Converted", {
    cta_name: "CTA123",
    cta_type: "inline",
    cta_id: 124573221,
    cta_variant: "a",
    cta_step: 1,
  });
});
```

### Mapping events

You can also update the standard ConvertFlow CTA events with custom event names by enabling the <strong>Map your events with ConvertFlow Standard Events</strong> setting in the RudderStack dashboard and specifying the required mapping, as shown:

<img src="../../assets/event-stream-destinations/convertflow-event-mapping.png" alt="ConvertFlow event name mapping" />

> 

Author: @ujjwal-ab as discussed on Slack, please share a mapping screenshot to be added here.
